Today, there is more information available than ever before.
But the big questions still remain.
Where do we come from?
Why do bad things happen?
Why do people die?
Most religious people think that God controls the world.
How could that be?
This world is out of control.
What the Bible says may surprise you.
The Bible is helping millions of people around the world
find answers to life's big questions.
Would you like to know those answers?
Jehovah's Witnesses would be happy to study the Bible with you.
You can fill in the online request form on jw.org
or you can speak to any of Jehovah's Witnesses
about our free home Bible study program.